>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Perhaps the most
speculated about aspect of
life is our own birth, death,
and rebirth.
In this sense,
life is a mystery.
Each culture and religion
has its own ideas
about what happens
between lives,
so I thought I would ask
Lee Harrison and his Zs
to join us today to talk
about the entire process
of incarnation from
death to review,
to reincarnating as a
forgetful baby once again.
It's so good to
have you here, Lee.
We haven't seen each
other in about a year,
and you and the Zs just fill
the space up with lovely energy.
>>LEE HARRIS: Thank you.
It's great to be back.
>>REGINA: And it's interesting,
because the Zs are already
aware of what we're going
to be talking about,
and I find it's interesting
each time we begin.
I sense them a
little differently.
The field is a little bit
different, and today it was--
connecting with them is
a little more intense.
Did you feel that, too?
>>HARRIS: Yeah, I've
noticed actually
in the last kind
of 6 to 12 months
there is a different energy.
It seems to me that,
as a channeler,
there is some kind of meeting
point between the frequency
that you bring
through as a channel
and what's going on in the
world or what's required,
and I think for me personally
because the world has become
more intense in
the last 12 months
I've noticed they
have a bit more edge.
>>REGINA: I was going to say it
feels like they're rolling up
their sleeves.
You want to talk about this?
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK, Let's get going.
Because in the past it's
been a little lighter,
a little further away,
and so I mean this--
as you just mentioned, you've
been working your little tail
off.
You've been all over the world.
Every time I see you on
Facebook or elsewhere you're
in some other country teaching
your energy mastery work
and the Zs have been
bringing through information
about these times in addition
to your normal range of work.
And maybe just before we
get into this larger subject
give us an idea of some of
what they've had to say,
because so many
people are worried.
Many people are feeling
almost panicky, actually,
about our future.
So what do they say about this?
>>HARRIS: A couple
of things that
came up which struck me where
they talked about ancestral
clearing at these times.
So for example,
some of the fears
that people are having about
what they're seeing going on
in the world directly tap
into other times on the planet
that this has happened, that
these kinds of, if you like,
control situations have
been rising to the surface
or people--
countries have gone through
real struggles, real conflict
experiences.
So they were talking
about the difference
between what will happen and
what we perceive will happen,
what we fear, and they talked
about the power of our fear
to eliminate old, stuck energy.
So the idea being
that, if you're
panicked that a
certain thing is going
to happen in this
country, or that country,
or on the world stage,
it will directly
tap into times that
you remember not just
from your own other
lifetimes, but that
are in the collective
energy memory field.
So that hit me because
when I understood
that, I started to notice
many of my own fears,
and track them that way, and
just really sit with what
was going on inside my own
body, just breathe through it,
and to remember that
all of this is so much
bigger than the now, which is
hard for us as human beings,
right?
We're in our identity.
We're in our life.
We're looking at the government.
We're looking at our job.
We're looking at
our relationship.
And yet the truth is
whenever you reconnect
to the wider source energy this
is but one tiny dot, and so
the one thing that they
talked about in terms
of this timeline--
they said that it has been
destined for a very long time
that-- and I mean that's no
news to those of us who've been
tracking this kind
of information--
and this period that
we're going through
is going to be intense,
difficult period
of dissolution, but
it is that rising
to the surface of all of the
shadows that previously were
hidden or that people
were more blind to,
and it's a slow process
because if you look
at the mass of
people on the planet,
there might be a certain
percentage who are aware of all
of this, another percentage
who are just catching up,
and then another percentage who
it's more comfortable for them
to believe this isn't happening.
This couldn't be true.
So there's a lot
around shadows, lies,
truth that is really
intense for people,
and it causes very deep
emotional reactions.
>>REGINA: Yeah, it's interesting
because about maybe nine months
to a year ago when I would be
meditating I'd keep having this
kind of side view of someone--
us, me, whomever--
packing up their bags
and standing on the platform
at the railway station
ready to hop on the train.
And it was persistent.
It was like it's
time to move now.
It's time to move, and
not knowing actually
what was going to be
bubbling up at that time
and what has
transpired since then.
And now this feeling is
almost predominant in people--
this edginess.
Do I stay?
Do I go?
Even to the point of in
this country people talking
about, do I leave
the country now?
I mean, do we abandon ship?
And yet at the
same time, if we're
looking at this as
an incarnation story
to begin with, every
one of us chose
to be embodied for this show.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, that's the
thing they always reassure,
and I'm always struck
when I do channel
I can be going through my own
human experience or struggle,
or kind, of whatever I'm
clearing in my human energy
field around it, and
then I'll channel.
And while they'll acknowledge
that stuff, and they'll say,
yeah, this is going on,
and this isn't easy,
they will also take
it bigger picture.
And they will always talk
about the bigger picture,
and when you hear it, it
does help you reconnect to--
well, I'll put it this way.
The one thing I always
try to remember if ever I
get to zeroed in on
something that's going on
for me is that the Zs are always
saying you can die at any time.
They say it's really
easy for you to die.
You all have what they call
death windows preprogrammed
through your life, and
it's not just one, or two,
or three exit points.
They say for some people
it's tens and tens,
and for some it's hundreds.
So there's this
constant renegotiation.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
that's interesting.
>>HARRIS: So I always remind
people who have that story of I
don't want to be here of that.
I'm like, well if you are
here, get curious about why.
Get curious about
why you're here
and what you're here to learn to
do, to take that, if you like,
higher frequency energy and
learn to find a way to bring it
into this world that you
may have a rejection of
or you may think, well, this
is all just low frequency.
That's not actually
the truth, so I
think this time is really
about more higher frequencies,
and that looks like
more compassion for one
another, more
helping each other,
less of the kind of
hierarchical structures
that we've been in beginning to
permeate in society, but first,
of course, as that
starts to permeate
there is this almighty
rise of hierarchy again.
So there is a kind of war
of consciousness going on.
>>REGINA: It's a confluence
of events-- no doubt about it.
And what about the notion that
there is no period of history
that does not offer
a very direct mirror
reflection for ourselves?
>>HARRIS: Yeah, I like that.
I kind of go with that myself.
I also look at all of
the external events
that we're in right now and
try and try that on for size.
I think, OK, if
this is what we've
created, what is it that
we're going to learn from it?
And more importantly,
what is it perhaps
protecting the future from?
I know everybody tends to
go along the line of, oh--
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>HARRIS: --the
future is in trouble
because of what's going on
now, and I'm like, well,
if you think of events
in your own life
where you go through a
period where you think,
oh, this is the end of my
life or this is so difficult,
and then you, a few
years later, look back,
people will often say, oh,
well if that hadn't happened,
I wouldn't have moved
to this country.
I wouldn't have met that person.
I wouldn't have
changed my career path.
So I'm very curious
about this time
how we'll look at
it in 10, 20 years
and what we will see
was, if you like,
the benefit of what we're
struggling through right now.
>>REGINA: Well, I've been
saying this all along.
I think there's a
huge benefit to it.
It's very uncomfortable.
It's very uncertain,
but the notion
that the human being is
wishing to express change
on the planet-- we're going
through an opportunity,
a wide expanse of time that
is really dedicated to change
and upliftment
for those who can,
and that's really the
key for those who can,
and who are aware,
and who are capable.
What I find interesting
is what happens
to those who have completely
fallen asleep even
further under the spell of the
mass messaging and so forth.
Then what happens?
>>HARRIS: How do
they deal with it?
Because the discomfort
you talk about,
I think that's the one thing--
I'm hearing a lot of, for want
of a better term, lightworkers,
conscious people,
awake people talking
about the discomfort
they're going through,
or certain people are
saying, oh my god,
I felt really good a few years
ago, and now I'm in my stuff,
and it's really intense.
I think that's the way
that you experience it
if you're working with
your consciousness
and observing while
experiencing your life,
and then I think the
group that you're
talking about--
they may be going
through very direct
externalized difficulties
to get them into those emotions.
>>REGINA: I think so, and
looking at the large--
backing up to the largest
picture, as you say,
this is a blip on the
screen of human history--
just another one of those blips.
And there is a type
of endless grace
that exists where
there is no time.
There's nothing but
time to remember,
to start waking back up
into your understanding
of the true potential of life,
and your own true potential.
And so on one hand,
it's like, oh my god,
the train is pulling
out of the station.
We're becoming more
polarized than ever.
People are so fearful.
They're falling into a
deeper and deeper sleep,
and then you have others that
are blissing out more and more.
And really it's quite
a show, but in the end,
I do believe there's this
endless time to wake up,
to figure it out, and to
choose where you are going
to go from here as a being.
>>HARRIS: I always
think of people
who are at the
end of their life,
and they know
they're about to die.
They will completely change
their way of appreciating
experience the world.
There might be an argument
going on in their hospital
room between two family
members, and they're just
looking at the tree
out the window going,
oh, there's a tree,
and I know I'm not
going to see that in
a few days, so I'm
going to really take that in.
And to me, that's
the truth of life.
In our human programming,
we get into the game.
In our pures source
self, we will just
experience everything
that's happening for us
and just land in that.
So, yeah.
>>REGINA: Well, the healing
journey is an interesting one,
and I've talked to you in
advance just a little bit.
We talked about the
nature of the content,
but not the details of it
because it will be for the Zs
to field those questions.
So how do you feel
about launching in?
>>HARRIS: Great.
>>REGINA: You feel ready?
>>HARRIS: Yep.
>>REGINA: OK, so I'll let
you just take a moment
to do what you do, and
connect with the Zs,
and we'll start our story.
>>HARRIS: Good.
Welcome.
If we may, before we
begin, the conflict
that you are in right now
is a world that many of you
perceive as an extreme
conflict-- is, in fact, far
more subtle than most of the
conflicts that any of you
experienced in prior lifetimes.
That is the truth of this
more multi-dimensional time.
Consciousness has permeated
your planet, and thus the psyche
and the energy field of
humanity more than ever before.
Therefore, even though
you may be focusing
on what you perceive to
be external conflicts
or the threat of external
planetary conflicts,
you are also at
a time where much
of what is moving through the
inner systems of all of you
is a clearance of the
war of times past.
So as war is very much focused
on at this time on your planet,
so, too, are so many of
you not just the awake
or conscious beings
on the planet,
but all are processing
out the collective history
of the damage, the destruction,
the loss of life force
that results through war.
So we wanted to address that
before we get a little closer
in on the human journey
through this story.
>>REGINA: Thank you for that.
That is a very good
point you make,
and we forget that
in our past history
the trauma that started an aura
from living through some truly
barbaric times, where
soldiers would come through
and rape, and pillage, and raze
a whole village of people--
just a slaughter, so to speak,
of peoples across the board.
We really-- you're right.
We have come into a much
more subtle way of doing
this political war business.
There's not quite as, on
one level, traumatizing
and hands on, but what happens
when the same dynamic is
in effect, but you can't quite
touch, or taste, or see it,
or feel it in exactly the
same way, but on some level,
you're really feeling the
conflict in this subtlety.
How do people discern?
>>HARRIS: Well, people are
not so clear about discerning,
and nor should you be sometimes.
What we mean by this is it
is important to deeply enter
the energy that
you are clearing.
So to be able to
discern the difference
will not always
be helpful to you.
We are aware there is
a trend among those
who are conscious
to try and identify
what it is that you
are experiencing
and perhaps move beyond
it, and yet the truth
is moving beyond it will not
necessarily clear you of it.
It is a fine line for
consciousness seekers.
For, on the one
hand, they are here
to help raise the frequency of
the planet by who they become
and then what they emit.
On the other hand,
they are here to help
raise the frequency
of the planet
by taking on the energies
and transmuting them
through their physical bodies,
through their human stories,
through their energetic fields.
And then there are
those who would not even
come close to any
level of discernment,
for they are what you
might call a little lower
down the karmic wheel.
And here we have to
be careful, for there
are notions of hierarchy
and better than other
on the planet.
So when we say lower
down the karmic wheel,
it is simply another point
of entry to the human game.
It is not necessarily
that that person is less
than somebody who is in
a more elevated place.
It is simply a different
way of playing the game,
a different point of focus.
There are, in fact, some
quite high frequency
or high consciousness
beings who choose
to enter the field of
humanity at a lower
point than prior lifetimes
sometimes to what you might
call help to shift
the frequency,
but more importantly for
themselves to strengthen
their own ability to work
with closely the energy
field of humanity,
particularly if they
are ones who are here in
service to that energy field.
>>REGINA: Yes, thank you.
That was going to
be my next question.
At this point in time, as
we're going through a period--
some think almost a
critical period of choice
in terms of how we choose to
engage with our potentials
in life--
are there quite a few entities
from other realms that
are here embodied as you
just spoke of at this time?
>>HARRIS: There are many.
In terms of other realms,
there are an enormous amount
of realms that there can
be seen as what some of you
would call other lifeforms,
other beings, races.
There are an enormous
amount that can be chosen,
and yet the earth plane
has a limited number
of beings who can enter.
There is what you might
call a force field
around the Earth that
allows only a certain amount
of embodied universality
on the planet,
meaning the density of humanity
as a race is very specific.
It has a very
specific frequency,
and therefore there
are only so many beings
who can enter the
body of a human
who have not been human
before, or who have not
been what you might call
identified as human,
for of course there are many who
exist on this planet who do not
need to take the body of a
human, the form of a human,
but can, in fact, be working
alongside human beings.
For example, where you
two are sitting right now,
this place is full of beings.
They are just not the seen
kind to the human naked eye.
>>REGINA: Yes, indeed.
I am aware of that.
So Earth has-- because
of the actual vibratory
rate of the people
that are embodied here,
that is the limiting factor
as to which kind of beings
can actually incarnate
physically here to assist
humankind from higher realms?
>>HARRIS: The best way we could
describe it is to be earthbound
and certainly to be
in the human body it
is a little like putting on
a very heavy weighted suit.
This is why so many who
are of angelic frequencies
struggle here.
Those of you who have incarnated
who have high levels of angelic
frequencies-- you
would be one of these--
struggle to deal with
the weight of this place.
For you it can be a
certain kind of torture
to be in that gravity if
you are that way inclined.
So you have to find a
way to coexist with it,
and to find and seek
the light in life,
and take special measures
which other humans might
frown upon or not understand.
>>REGINA: What kind of
measures do you speak of here?
>>HARRIS: Well, we would talk
about clearing your energy
field and making sure you are
going to the clearest energy
field.
So measures that can be
quite simple-- everything
from putting yourself
in water, making sure
that the energy of your home
or the places that you spend
much time in are clear and free
of what we might call conflict
energies, energies that
would bring you down,
and likewise in your lives
making sure that you have found
a way to be in those
places that you struggle--
be that a relationship or an
environment-- in a way that
does not deaden,
does not make you
have to recoil from
yourself, take your spirit
smaller into the body.
The biggest problem
for those of you
that we are speaking to in
this area can be your spirit
feels so small on
Earth compared to how
you know your spirit to be.
You understand and
feel the vastness.
You remember it,
and therefore it
can be quite painful to put
this heavy small suit on.
>>REGINA: With the
Earth's frequencies
changing as they
are, first I wouldn't
mind if you speak about that.
It's a subject that was spoken
about quite a bit in maybe even
two decades, three decades ago.
It's not spoken about as much
now that the Earth herself
is going through her own
vibratory shift and refinement.
How is that impacting
the ability of people
to be with her, both on the end
that are still at the beginning
end of the karmic
wheel and those
who have been here a long
time or have come to help?
>>HARRIS: Well, many
of you will notice--
particularly those of
you who are in touch
with what you would call
extraterrestrial frequencies--
that there has been a lot
less of that in recent years.
And that is because
the Earth has
gone into what you might
call a kind of quarantine.
The touch paper was lit
on the Earth's change.
This was lit many,
many, many decades ago,
and in recent decades,
things have been heating up.
And now you are in what we
might call an implosion phase.
That is where
everything that needed
to come to the surface that
was essentially black--
think of it as heavy oil--
is now rising.
Therefore, it is
hard for other beings
to be too close to the
Earth, but that does not
mean you have been abandoned.
This was always the design.
There was an awareness that,
once the chemical reaction had
been set in motion, it would
be important for the scientists
to step outside the
room behind the glass,
but it does not mean
they are not monitoring.
So you are going to see that
this will occur for another 4,
5, 6, 7 years in
terms of your planet,
and then there will
be what we would
call a wave of more universal
consciousness beginning
to permeate the Earth--
the understanding that the
Earth is part of a vast galaxy.
And in small baby
steps, that will
start to permeate mass
consciousness more and more,
but this coming 4,
5, 6, 7 years you
are going to be going through
this internal implosion.
What we will say is many of you
who are of lighter frequencies
or are seeking
lighter frequencies--
and we should qualify
here many of you
who hold light frequencies--
you do feel heavy, also.
You have your days or
your hours of heaviness,
so do not be deceived.
You are on the Earth wheel.
Therefore you will go up
and down through the scale,
but those of you who
seek the light-- you
will be able to
maintain connection
to the beings who are here to
hold light for you, for there
is an enormous amount of
stabilized grounded light
on the planet now in a way
that there was not so much
even 10 or 20 years ago.
That may come as a surprise
to some listening who
feel that there is this
abandonment occurring
or that everything is getting
a little crazy out there,
but it is getting crazy
because of the quartz that
exists in the Earth that
is able to stabilize
all of the frequencies
of this implosion.
>>REGINA: It's
interesting, and this
seems like it's a
non-sequitur, but perhaps not.
I just-- many people were
recently in Tucson, Arizona
at the gem and
mineral show, which
is the largest in the
world, where they bring
in massive levels
of quartz from all
over the planet,
particularly Brazil
and also other
places in the world,
but that would be
one of the big ones.
And I've always
wondered what impact
does it have on Earth
to take her minerals,
and remove them, and
bring them to the surface?
I mean, they
haven't disappeared,
but they're not at the core
where they were being grown.
How does that impact Earth?
>>HARRIS: We would
say two things.
On the one hand, there
is an expectation
that this will happen,
for that is what man does.
Man takes what man wants.
So on that scale
of things, there
is a distress that is
caused to the balance.
However, with that said, there
is far more quartz available
than man could possibly dig up.
Therefore, what we would
say is it is important
that those who need the
quartz are finding the quartz.
What we would say about
quartz specifically
is it is the angel frequency.
So therefore, for those
who are interacting with it
or seeking it, it
will help those
who feel that they are
floating above this Earth
but not of this Earth
more of the time
to feel grounded and
capable of being here,
and we should qualify
something here.
There are many who will
think of themselves
as other because of these
descriptors that we are using--
the idea of being a lightworker,
higher consciousness,
of angelic consciousness.
And of course, the
truth of humanity
is no human being
feels deeply connected
to the rest of the tribe.
So separation and
loneliness is experienced
for every individual,
and that is
because of how the human game
has been set up for so long.
So separation and
loneliness are as much
a part of the game as
connection, joining, love,
friendship.
So we will just say that, if
you feel that you are alone here
or isolated here,
you are feeling
a universal frequency
of the human game
that all are feeling
the differences.
Some are not aware
of that feeling
and are acting upon it to
try and bypass or cover it.
>>REGINA: Very good point.
I couldn't agree more.
I don't think I've ever
spoken to a human being who
down at the very core doesn't
have this sense of loneliness
or isolation on some level.
Everyone-- so that's a
wonderful point you make.
Going back to the subject
of crystals and that
if some someone should come
in possession of the crystal
to work with, how
would you best suggest
a person utilize the crystal?
Because it's a very
confused subject.
>>HARRIS: Well,
if we may, we will
use an example
here of Lee, for he
is at this point in
possession of a crystal
that we will show you that he
has been using specifically
around his heart chakra.
He was finding that his heart
was a little fluctuating
throughout the year
of 2016, as were many,
and toward the end of the year
this was a crystal that he was
using with a group in Hawaii.
And so he had this crystal
made onto this necklace
so that he can wear it
by his heart chakra.
It helps him to feel stronger
and stabilized whenever
he notices he is
feeling less than that
or just to support himself.
So what we would
say to any of you
is to think about a
certain part of your body
that you struggle
with, and it does not
need to be in necklace form.
You can take this
stone and place it
anywhere upon your body.
You may lie on your
bed and place it
at a certain part of your body.
Many of you would like to put
it here on your third eye,
for the third eye
is very confused
for many at the moment.
The third eye that
has seen what is going
on in this place at this
time that is troubled by all
of the world events
and is also going
through a shift of
consciousness where
being able to tap into
synchronicity and telepathy
is on the rise.
So many people have what we
would call confused third eyes
at this point before
in two or three years
that settles down and pops
into more clarity for them.
So people can take
the stone that they
feel it resonates with them--
or specifically, quartz--
and have it on their being,
have it around them,
and work with it
as they feel they need to
as if it is medicine, for,
in frequency terms,
it is medicine.
>>REGINA: Will its own
intelligence make itself known,
or is it best to, for
example, infuse it
with a very specific intention?
>>HARRIS: It depends very
much on the consciousness
of the individual as to
whether its intelligence will
make itself known.
Some people do not necessarily
want the intelligence
of the crystal.
They simply want the energy.
You can think of this the same
way with friends in your life.
There are some friends that
you go to for wisdom and some
that you go to for a hug.
So people feel that very
differently around crystals,
but in terms of intentions,
you can simply make sure
that, first of all, it
is clear, for many of you
are taking crystals
that have gone
through many different
energies, and taking them home,
and not cleansing them or
putting them in salt water
so that they can become
pure and of your frequency.
And then an intent
is a wonderful way
to focus and program what it
is that you bring that crystal
in for, but we would recommend
like with your own intentions
about your life that you
review and renew these
as time goes on.
>>REGINA: Very good.
Thank you for that.
Well, we've covered a lot
of interesting territory
that was not in the program
which is absolutely fabulous,
and I always appreciated
that about you.
Are you ready for us to
launch into the conversation
about the incarnation
path and the way
this all works with
the human species?
>>HARRIS: Yes.
>>REGINA: Can we go there now?
So the first question I have
is something that is normally
not asked, and that is, how
much influence does a soul have
over the developing
fetus of the body?
And what is the nature
of its connection
during those fragile
early months?
>>HARRIS: Far less
than many of you
perceive, and we
say this because we
are aware of the belief
field on the planet.
So the fetus development
is very much connected
to the parent and
parents of this child
far more so than
the soul coming in.
If we were to put it
in a more general way,
there are so many
opportunities for all of you
to incarnate there is
often this idea among some
that you are fixed to
one family, one choice,
but just as you have
many death windows,
there are many
points of incarnation
that you might be
choosing at one time,
but depending on whether or not
that mother and those parents
are ready for the child, are
ready for what is coming in,
the fetus either will or
will not take full form.
So often a soul will
line up with a mother who
is going to give birth,
and then the baby
is not going to go full term.
It is not going to be born,
but for those few months,
there is an energetic
interaction that takes place,
and then at the point that it
is decided that this is not
the soul or the time
for that mother,
the baby is lost as
you would call it.
So an experience
of parenting takes
place in a very subtle way.
The truest form of
parenting, which is truly
connection between two souls--
we are aware that parenting
has a very different nature
on the planet.
It is more about teaching
people unconditional love,
but when it is simply
the fetus stage,
this is an energetic
connection that
happens between
mother and child,
but we would say that the mother
and to a slightly lesser degree
the father of the child are
dominant in the decision that
takes place around the
lifespan of that baby
and whether it is
going to be fully born.
>>REGINA: Very interesting.
Thank you.
The reason I asked this question
is because of something that--
it was a statement that came
when I was in the crossover
place between coming out of
dream time into wakefulness,
and so I was able to recall it.
And I've only asked a couple
other people about this,
and the statement was this,
and it had to do with the fact
that I had been meeting
with a fairly high profile
person in the field of
consciousness and science.
And he was in one of the
presidential administrations,
and he was writing a book
about this particular subject,
the organizing principle
behind the development
of the human brain slash mind.
And so when I woke
the next morning
I heard that the organizing
principle behind the coherence
in the development
of the human mind
was the intention of
the soul, and so that's
why I've wondered how much
effect does the soul have
on that before the baby is
actually-- before they actually
embody into the physical baby?
>>HARRIS: And we would say that
the experience of the deepening
of that intent begins in the
last few months of inception
of the child before
the birth, but there
is an agreement that
takes place between parent
and the child coming
in beforehand,
because what the
soul is going to do
is enter into the
ancestral energy
field of that
genetic line, which
in itself is the heavy suit that
we were talking about earlier.
So the soul is electing to come
in with their own intention
of what they are going
to clear and help
to heal in the genetic line
of that particular group
that they are coming through
directly through the birth
pool, but then also
the interaction
with humanity as a whole.
So we would say that
the intent becomes
a lot more experiential
at the point of birth,
but there is a
convergence of desire
that takes place beforehand.
>>REGINA: And I've noticed in my
own past as just kind of a fun
thing to do with
friends and relatives--
I'll do a baby
reading and connect
with the entity in the last
few days before the birth,
and they seem very
close to the body,
very present, very able
to share their likes,
dislikes, and hopes for
this particular incarnation.
And it's something
that I love doing,
and they seem to love being
able to share that knowledge.
Can you talk about
the time at which--
how we can all operate
better in this way
with communicating with our
child before the child is born,
or whether it's through
an intermediary,
and when that really strong
presence of that child--
the personality that's going
to enter that body is present?
>>HARRIS: We would
say the seven to nine
month phase is when things
get a lot more, shall we say,
locked in.
The merge is more full.
However, we will also
point out that there
are many on the planet who
are open to how this works who
can feel the energy
of their child
before it even is
conceived in the body.
This happens for many
because the souls are always,
shall we say, waiting,
and when we say this,
we do not mean they
have nothing else to do.
What we simply mean that
there is an agreement that
is in place often
for many, many years
in advance between
souls who incarnate
because many of the
existing understanding
will focus very much on
the individual nature
of your incarnation,
and yet the truth is you
incarnate in groups.
Very few of you are choosing to
incarnate without a whole soul
group being present.
So if you were to break it
down into individual bodies,
there may be 20, 30,
40, 60, 100 people
that you are incarnating at
the same time with who have all
been together before, may have
worked off world energetically
to help clear certain
energy fields that they
have become masters of.
So for example, those
who have been involved
in war and conflict are often
bringing energy balancing
once they are outside the
body to those areas of war
and conflict.
It is what some of you
might refer to as karma.
We call it the
knowledge of now they
have embodied the
very energies of what
creates war and division.
They can then start
to bring frequencies
that are the
balancing act to that
once they are out of the body.
So we will say that to
you-- that very few of you
incarnate alone.
That is where this myth of
being alone and separate
is important to understand it
is part of the human animal
to feel that way.
It is not part of the soul, for
the soul does not feel alone,
and many of you would
agree with that when you
experience your soul journeys.
You incarnate with a vast group.
>>REGINA: Absolutely,
and I've often wondered--
because it seems that
there is some evidence
for this statement--
that the being that
is wishing to incarnate
may even have a helping
hand in assembling
matches, for example,
from the other side to see that
two people from this soul group
come together so that they can
have that pathway of birth.
Does that happen?
>>HARRIS: Yes, but also because
of the nature of the impact
that they will bring.
A great deal of the plan,
if you like, for the Earth
is to see how elevated
the consciousness can
become during humanity's phase
and beyond humanity's phase.
So one of the things
that is most important
between these
togetherness aspects
is when you get two
people who come together
in a strong union they
multiply the effect that they
can be of what we would
call benevolent effect
on the planet.
>>REGINA: So now that this
decision has been made--
the little vehicle--
the baby is gestating.
The soul is coming in closer
in the last trimester,
the last couple of
months, actually.
At what point is there an
actual joining of soul and body?
>>HARRIS: We would say that
this starts in the seven month
phase in a more dense way.
So this is also why premature
children often, shall we say,
a little more
alarmed by the world,
for they have only
just started to anchor
into this physical experience.
And all of a sudden,
they are out,
but that can also make
premature children particularly
magical or gifted.
You will see this a
lot with those souls
who did not lose the connection
to their soul-hood so early.
So what we will say here
is that the imprint starts
deepening at the
seven month period,
and then the eight and
nine month period the soul
starts to forget or leave
source energy in a deeper way
and go into a very
internalized focus, which
is why the escape
from the mother's body
feels like an escape for many.
Some will come out
peacefully, but it
gets very constricted for the
child, as well as the mother,
in those final weeks and months.
So it is an important
breaking out of the chrysalis
that the baby goes
through, which
is very traumatic
to some, and to
others feels like
the arrival point
of their next level of destiny.
>>REGINA: Generally
speaking, what
is this level of
conscious awareness
of the baby in those first
delicate weeks after birth?
Some say that they
still have memory,
and it hasn't shut
down completely yet.
Others-- I think
you were just saying
that the memories start shutting
down even earlier than that.
Can you talk about what
the baby is going through?
>>HARRIS: It depends
on the individual,
for those who are
more programmed
to remember throughout
their life tended
to remember in their childhood.
They can often be
the ones who had
the most painful childhoods,
for they were trying
to forget something
that they did not
want to forget because it was
too painful to remember it
in contrast to what
they had been born into,
meaning the lighter,
brighter, more connected world
they had to come from
suddenly felt gone to them
as they arrived
here on this planet,
where that lightness and
brightness can exist,
but it has to be focused
and targeted by humans.
It is not just the norm.
What we will say
here is that many
of the children
who entered first--
it is a little like going from
blurred vision into focus,
and that can take one to
two years for some children.
So what they are seeing is a
blurry version of the world,
meaning they are
seeing the energies,
the beings that many of you
notice that certain animals--
cats, certain dogs--
will see.
This is part of what
they are experiencing,
and yet they start to learn very
quickly that their sharp focus
needs to be on the
human world, for that
is where seemingly all
of the useful activity
is taking place.
So once they start to
focus on the human world,
they start to let go of what
they are perceiving here
energetically.
So it is not just that
they are remembering
where they came from.
It is that they are seeing
beyond the veil on the planet
also.
>>REGINA: And is it serving
humanity at this time,
and is there a point where it
will no longer serve humanity
for the human to forget what's
come before upon incarnating?
>>HARRIS: No, that
will not be the case,
for humanity is going through
its own evolutionary cycle,
and this next 1000
to 2000 years is
going to be the deciding
factor for humanity as to what
comes next where
humanity is concerned.
The consciousness needs to rise
on this planet for humanity
to survive as a
species, and we say
that not for alarm, for,
remember, as a soul energy,
you are incarnated into many
different forms in what you
might call a lifetime, but we
do not give it such definition,
for there is no
search definition.
>>REGINA: So in
other words, we will
start bringing memory in with
us as the times moved forward.
>>HARRIS: It will
be something that
will be far more
awake in the process
once people have come to support
that in what we would call
their parenting, but
then we will also
say there will come a
point where humanity will
go through its own shift
because of this remembrance,
meaning the dense
form of humanity
will no longer be
the role, or shall
we say, the suit
that consciousness
takes on the Earth.
>>REGINA: I know a
couple of little two
and three-year-olds
that are just
amazing in their memory and
the things they come up with,
and so it's already
beginning to happen.
We're seeing the
precursors to that
in some of the children being
born now, and it's really--
it's quite lovely,
but it's also somewhat
difficult on these children,
and sometimes alarming
to their parents.
So we'll see more of
that in the future.
Now, when we go into once
the baby is in the body
and this period, this
blurriness starts
going into more
practical sharp focus,
is there any more comment
you want to make about that?
We've been through this a lot.
We each know what the journey
of being human more or less
entails--
before I go to the process
of exiting the body.
>>HARRIS: Well
first of all, there
is the motor
function of the body
itself and learning
that experience.
Again, we will give this
analogy of the heavy suit.
So there is an enormous amount
of joy, and presence, and light
that the baby will feel, for
generally a great deal of that
will be projected
onto the child.
However, it depends, for
there are some children who
come in and go into
what you would know
as difficult childhoods where
there was not a lot of love,
or there is a resentment
put toward them.
So they have to fight
for the survival
of their consciousness,
not just their physicality.
So as the baby enters and begins
to remember what this world is
and start to interact
with it, the first points
of reference that many
children will make
is a merging with or a
reaction to the energy
fields of the humans
they are most around.
So they will either merge with
those energy fields in order
to not just survive,
but also to learn,
or they will reject those energy
fields if they are repellent
to the child, or the child
cannot and as we would say
here, merge with that energy.
So it is a very precarious
time on the development
of what you know as the adult,
for those formative years
in energetic terms truly do lay
down the imprint of where you
are going to be able to go
in terms of your openness
to life based on your connection
with those humans you are most
around at first.
>>REGINA: That
makes total sense,
and that does bring
up a question,
and that has to do with,
because this planet is so
ordered toward survival,
physical survival,
survival even of the
ego and so forth.
There are these very hard set
programs that each culture has,
and to me the saddest
thing is to see
a bright, sparkly
little child who
is just brimming with life--
their eyes are
dancing with light--
and then start programming
them into a specific outcome,
having society, institutions,
and the parents do this.
What can you say to
parents at this time
about not snuffing the
creativity, remembrance,
and life out of
their own children?
>>HARRIS: To remember
that your children come
in as people who have been
fully formed people before.
Even those who are new to the
Earth-- they have had journeys
on the Earth, and some of
them may have surpassed you
in terms of their own
development, and this in itself
reveals the tricky
path of the parent,
for the parent has to be willing
to identify their own ego
wounds as they come up.
Many parents will get
defensive around what
their child is allowed
to experience based
on what they did or didn't get.
So the best thing you can do
is to listen to your child
and observe your child
as much as possible.
Many parents get into the
idea of an authority role
and tend to become everything
to the child-- taking care
of too many of the child's needs
almost as an automatic response
to the idea that they have to
be a parent, yet if you sit back
and listen, you will
see that the child
is bringing into your
world the frequency
that you, too, have forgotten.
And if it makes
you uncomfortable,
it is good to be able to sit
with that discomfort at first,
but most parents who are
what we would call conscious
are much more willing
to go with this idea
and to support the
children that are
coming in now, which is a
very different kind of energy.
We would say that the
children entering now
are far more fierce.
We say they are fierce not as
in they are aggressive or cold,
but they do not have the
time that many of you
had when you were incarnating.
They do not have the luxury
of that long drawn out
period toward this time.
They are being born into it.
So they come in
wired for strength,
and that can be challenging
to some parents.
They still need your guidance.
They still need your
leadership around some
of the areas of life that they
need to find their way in,
but they are here to teach
you and the world as much
as anything.
So giving them that
space is vital.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
That was very thorough
and beautiful response.
Very lovely guidance.
So now we'll allow
our child to grow up.
We age.
We do what we do in
life, and now we're
ready to leave our body,
and when that time comes,
people who witness this have
very different experiences
of it when they're
with a person who
is ready to depart the body.
Can you talk about what's
happening from there end?
>>HARRIS: What is
happening for them
is they are going in and
out of the death realms.
This is why those
who care for a loved
one in the final
stages of sickness,
or should we say
life before death,
can often feel quite
deathly for months
afterwards themselves,
for they, too,
have entered the death realms.
What we mean by
the death realms--
many picture it as dark.
Instead we mean returning
to where they came from.
So this is why many
people's memories start
to become far more
lucid, and they
start to have visions or
dreams of conscious experiences
that they will often describe
where they are beginning
to leave the body again.
So we may compare
it to going back
to that phase of
the pregnancy where
the soul is entering
the body more definitely
at the seven to
nine month period,
meaning you are
beginning to pop out
of your body toward the end.
So there is both a
resolution of energies
that you have
experienced in your life
that you did not get to resolve.
For example, if you were
a high conflict person,
you will find ways to
process through conflict
in those final days,
weeks, and months
to the best of your ability.
Not everyone will
clear it, but you
will start to find a
release from those energies,
but also a great
deal of love can
start to fill you, for
the struggle for survival
and the fear template
starts to leave you,
for you are aware that there is
no further destination that you
have to hold onto that
suit of armor for.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
And the experience of death
as people write about it--
I'm doing another interview
a little later on on all
of the cultures' perceptions of
what happens in the afterlife.
Is that experience
for the entity
very dependent upon their
culture and the held belief
systems?
>>HARRIS: It is, and it isn't.
What we would say here is that
there is not a universal entry
to life and leaving of life.
So as you are saying, it is
somewhat different from soul
to soul, but what we
would say mostly here
is that much of this
is the best ability
that we can describe this
from your human perception--
not that your human
perception is less than.
It is just very fixed
and very formed--
that return into energy
in its purest form
takes place for different people
in different human timelines.
So for most, it
will be a 6 to 12
month period before
they have fully
exited this plane, which
is why for some people
they do not feel the
presence of their loved ones
after the first week
or so of departure
for sometimes up to a year.
And this is because those
loved ones have not yet
taken their new place,
but they are instead
processing through
what they experienced
and returning to the
purer energy form.
What we will say is
this place leaves
an imprint on the energy.
Just as you as human
beings can pick up
on illnesses and all sorts of
other emotional dense energies
from one another, so, too,
do you have to clear yourself
once you leave this planet
of the experience of that
in the energy field, for
essentially the energy
field has to squeeze
into a far smaller suit
than it does when it releases
back into consciousness.
So the experience is
somewhat different
depending on the perspective
of the individual and the life,
but for most it is a 6 to 12
month processing and review
period before being
returned to a new decision
point as to what is next.
And very few, particularly
at this time on Earth,
are choosing to
reincarnate very quickly.
There was a period where
that was more common,
but at this time
on Earth, things
are heating up as such that you
have a lot more warriors down
here right now doing a lot
more of the heavy lifting.
Therefore, people are not
jumping back in so quickly.
>>REGINA: Then the very,
very first hours and few days
of a person departing the body--
oftentimes that's when
people feel them the closest,
as though they haven't even
begun the process of transition
fully yet.
And it's a good time to--
I find a good time to
communicate with them
if there are earthly
affairs that need
to be settled, for example.
Can you talk about that
phenomenon of right
after death?
>>HARRIS: If we were to give you
a physicalized example of it,
you might imagine that
the energy of the body--
the person who has left
the body is perhaps
around six feet away from
that body for usually
the first 24 to 72 hours or so.
So they do not exactly leave
the field of existence,
but it is not either that
they are seeing or watching
all of the time.
They are already
in what some of you
refer to as the
other world, meaning
the world of the unseen,
but they have moments
that they can see what is
going on, for many of you
get deeply attached to each
other on the human plane,
and therefore there
is an agreement
that, when the loss is incurred
of someone that you deeply
love, there can be a
connective tissue, if you like,
energetically that will continue
to exist for a short period,
especially if the
transition has been sudden.
That is very important
when the transition has
been sudden, but
then quite quickly
by the end of a few days
or even a week the person
will leave that
field of existence
very, very propulsively.
So if you were to look at it
in terms of your physical eyes,
it would be that
they are around six
feet from the body for that
first few days or week,
and then all of a
sudden at around
the time they are
ready to go they
will go 1,000 feet up into
the air in terms of how
you would view it spatially.
Does not mean they
cannot still connect.
This is where more third
eye and psychic connection
will take place,
and of course, there
are those who can spectrally
pop back down, meaning
they can project holographic
images of themselves
back down onto the
earth at key times
if they need to do that
to communicate visually
as well as energetically with
their loved ones or others who
they can be of use to to help
them see beyond the veil,
but most do not tend to hang
around on the Earth plane.
There are a small
percentage who do,
but often this is
because they have-- for
want of a better
term-- lost their way.
>>REGINA: Yes, very interesting.
And the whole phenomenon
of people saying,
well, I saw my mother, my
father-- everybody was there
when I passed to the
other side in near death
experiences-- near death,
not full death experiences.
Are they actually--
are they seeing
one of these holographic
projections made
for their comfort?
Or if the being has departed and
oftentimes even reincarnated,
what actually are
they experiencing
when they see this?
>>HARRIS: We would say
that it is holographic,
but so, too, is this
world that you live on.
>>REGINA: That's true.
>>HARRIS: So in some ways, yes.
The answer to your
question is yes, yes,
and yes to all of the above.
And we would just add one thing.
The comfort that many of you
derived from your connections
to each other is because of
the importance of the purpose
you each have in
each other's lives.
So therefore that
sense of comfort
when you are seeing a
holographic image of your loved
ones is you might experience
it as a divine moment
with the universe, where
everything reconnects you
to the truth of everything's
connection to everything.
>>REGINA: Yes, and how does
the stage work where we begin
dropping away the personality
characteristics of a given
incarnation going back
into this process of--
even into the process of review
and then weighing whether
or not to incarnate
at a given time?
Where do we start dropping
away those features
of our previous incarnation?
>>HARRIS: We would say that
actually the personality is
far more imprinted by the actual
human body and the collective
that you are born
into it at that time.
So while there may be
some soul similarities
between incarnations--
for example,
you may be high in strength.
You may be high in leadership.
The personality that is
formed around those energies
will be quite different
each time because each time
you are highly influenced
by, first of all,
the family of origin
and the genetic line,
and second of all, the
time that you are born into
and the collective culture
that you were born into.
And that is what decides
so much of the personality
aspect, which is why
when so many of you
have your soul journeys,
your meditations,
your expansive
experiences, there is not
much personality
there, and that is what
makes it feel so good to you.
And yet the truth
is, of course, you
derive so much joy from
your personalities,
for your personalities
are like maps to you.
If you weren't taking a
left turn or a right turn
via those
personalities of yours,
you would not get
at the destinations
of the people or
the pathway that you
are supposed to be meeting.
>>REGINA: Thank you for that.
Let's move to the
process of life review
that's always spoken of.
What is that process
actually like?
How does that take place?
>>HARRIS: Well, it is far
more formed these days
than it used to be.
Again, we will say that
the human incarnation wheel
is a very different point.
If you were to go
back 100 or 200 years,
there was a certain
agenda on the planet
that everyone was
driving towards.
So even though your
population has grown larger,
there was even more of a
jumping in at that point,
and it was even more
desired than it is now.
We say that to be clear that
the review process is changing
as the Earth is changing.
It used to be that the review
process would decide upon what
was best for the
collective first,
meaning the individualized
idea of your birth,
your life path is
actually one that
is not as true as the collective
purpose that any of you
hold today.
So it would be decided
that you would review
what you had experienced before,
and if there was balancing
that you needed to
bring-- so for example,
if you had been a warlord, and
you were capable of going back
to the planet, and because
of what you had cleared
from that life, and
understood from that life,
and were ready to bring, you
would come back and bring
the balance of
compassion, or generosity,
and be life bringing.
Again, we must caution here
that from our perspective
all of this is as it should be.
So often in the human
mind the idea of a warlord
is something to be
feared and judged,
and yet from our perspective,
that is the game of humanity
that you have been
playing for so long.
And so we do not judge the
players on the game board
from our perspective.
We simply observe it,
and we see can it evolve?
So that review process can,
first of all, bring you
to a point of, do I need
to go back and balance?
Can I go back and balance?
And secondly, in the
last 50, 60, 70 years
there has been far more of a
wave of what you would call
lightworkers jumping
onto the planet--
higher frequency beings who
have either not re-incarnated
for quite some time
or have not had
many incarnations on this
Earth and have come back
with an even stronger
hardwiring to remember
source energy, which is what
made your early lives quite
painful for many of
you, for that dissonance
between the world
you were seeing
and the world you
were feeling inside
was even stronger, meaning
you came in with a higher
remembering of the
frequencies and energies that
are true to you because you were
here to embody and bring them.
So you could not
forget them as much
as you may have done in
previous reincarnations.
So the review
process at this point
has become a lot more
identity-less and a lot more
personality based, meaning
there are less agendas going
on in terms of this
planet right now
other than the raising of
consciousness, which is, shall
we say, struggling to
push through so much
of the control, and
elements, and energies
that are on this planet that
do not want the consciousness
to grow.
And that is the beauty
of the dance here.
>>REGINA: So it's more,
as you say, ordered
toward your individual expansion
at this time rather than group
expansion.
>>HARRIS: Much of the karmic
wheel that many of you
know of for many
lifetimes is beginning
to come to a close
on the planet,
for it has gone from a less
personal focus on the Earth
to a far more planetary focus.
That is the time
you are coming into.
So you will see more etheric
incarnations at this time.
>>REGINA: Just a quick question.
Generally speaking--
and I know it's
highly individual--
how long do entities
wait between incarnations?
>>HARRIS: It really
depends on the individual,
but for most, it can be a
long time in human years.
It can be somewhat between
10 and 100 years for most.
For some, it can be
many, many centuries,
and there have
been some instances
where people have come
almost straight back in,
but that was often predestined
before that lifetime,
meaning a person will know who
they are in a certain life,
and then that life will end,
and they will know as a soul
that they are to go
straight back in,
for the two lives were linked.
You see this a lot with
important figures in your life,
meaning someone who has
a visible importance
or an effective importance
to a large group
will often have reincarnated
quite quickly, for usually
the life before that
they were working up
to that energy field.
>>REGINA: And at
what point-- we're
coming toward the end of our
time now-- and at what point
does the reincarnation process
cease for an individual,
and what point is
it time to move
on to a different
type of experience?
>>HARRIS: The reincarnation
process of humanity ceases once
there is a certain level of--
shall we say, the karmic
wheel has been cleared.
So there are some who are
stuck in cycles of going round
and around the human wheel.
There are others-- many of you
who are listening to this--
who are not limited
to the Earth plane
and are instead incarnating
in different forms
in different places.
For many of you, though, who are
listening and the reincarnation
is far more spread,
that is usually
choice based, meaning there is
a perception that many of you
are stuck in the
reincarnation wheel,
and while for some that
is or has been true,
that is no longer
so much the case.
That has been true
for the last 30,
40 years certainly that
many who are leaving now
are not choosing to
reincarnate certainly to Earth,
but instead are in
an experience where
they get to reset their
intention as to whether or not
retaking form is necessary for
them, but also for the planet.
As we said, the implosion
that is taking place right
now is redefining the future
of humanity for the next 1000
to 2000 years,
and that in itself
will have a huge impact
on whether or not
people are being as
effective in the human body
at raising consciousness
as they were.
>>REGINA: Any final thoughts
before we close this topic
and bring Lee back?
>>HARRIS: It has been a
pleasure to be with you.
We will say that this is a
complex topic, for it depends
on the individual, but we
have enjoyed the experience
of being able to bring some
of our perspective views
and language to it, and we
thank you for raising the topic.
>>REGINA: Thank you very
much until next time.
How are you doing, Lee?
Did you learn a
new thing or two?
>>HARRIS: I heard
some stuff, but I
will have to go back
because a lot of it
was a bit over my head.
>>REGINA: You'll
have to watch it.
>>HARRIS: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yes, because
this isn't a topic
that you've had to delve
into before with the Zs.
>>HARRIS: No, not so much.
It's come up very
personally-- so
with people personally, but not
as a kind of a concept field.
>>REGINA: I think it's
good at this point in time
when there's so much
confusion to really look
at the big picture.
>>HARRIS: Definitely.
>>REGINA: If we chose to be
here at this time together,
we need to acknowledge that,
own it, and then maybe look
at what that process
is all about, which
is what motivated it.
And the first part of the
conversation with the Zs,
too, which was tangential, I
thought was just beautiful.
>>HARRIS: Great.
>>REGINA: So I look
forward to your
being able to see
the interview, so you
can see what came through.
>>HARRIS: Yes.
Yes, yes.
>>REGINA: Any final
thoughts for you,
and what's going on with
you, and new directions
you're taking?
>>HARRIS: No, I think the one
thing that's come up for me--
a big theme in my work in the
last couple of years-- and I
think that's really going
on for a lot of people
is watching so many
more lightworkers step
into the fray, whether they're
a yoga teacher, whether they
are healer-- it doesn't
really matter what the form.
≫>REGINA: Whether
they're a kindergartner.
>>HARRIS: Exactly.
So I think that's really where
my own personal work is going
at the moment-- kind of
helping people who are here
to bring transformation,
whether they're doing that
very directly in a
form of a job that
might look like transformation,
or whether they're
trying to understand their
own impact on somebody.
>>REGINA: To embolden
them, empower them,
encourage them to step forward
and do what they're here to do.
>>HARRIS: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And that's a passion
for me because that's
something I've been
doing for 13 years,
so working with people
who want to do that
and helping them
stabilize or direct
where they're going-- that's
something I really love doing.
>>REGINA: And some people just
need the validation of someone
they look up to such
as yourself to be
able to launch on that path
instead of asking, well, who am
I to think I can heal people?
When they have healing
hands right there.
>>HARRIS: And we're all here,
exactly as you were saying.
>>HARRIS: I think we
all can go through that,
so I really love supporting
that stepping forward
process because I
know I needed that.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Indeed, well, as always, an
absolute pleasure, and so we'll
do this again on this little
time wheel and karmic wheel
ourselves.
>>HARRIS: Great.
>>REGINA: So until next
time, thank you so much.
>>HARRIS: Thank you, Regina.
>>REGINA: It's a
pleasure as always.
>>HARRIS: Thanks.
>>REGINA: I hope this has been
as enlightening a conversation
for you as it has for me.
Lee is constantly bringing
through wisdoms from the Zs
and has attained great learning
of his own in the process.
To connect with Lee
and his workshops
you can go to
LeeHarrisEnergy.com.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."